_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: ""
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

# Jiayan Chen (陈嘉焰)
Junior undergraduate in Beijing Normal University (Zhuhai)<br />
Artificial Intelligence (Innovation Program)<br />
*This page was updated on 25th April, 2024*
<font color="#000080"> I am looking for a Ph.D/Mphil position in 2025 fall, please contact me if you are interested in me! </font>

## Education and Experience

- **South China Normal University Affiliated High School**（Sep 2018 - Jun 2021）
- **Beijing Normal University**（Sep 2021 – Present）
  - B.Eng. Artificial Intelligence (Innovation Program)
- **RA in Institute of AI and Future Networks**, Beijing Normal University (Mar 2023 – Present)
  - Conducted federated learning research under the guidance of Dr. Tianhui Meng, Prof. Tian Wang and Prof. Weijia Jia.  
- **Intern in IRPN LAB**, HKUST (GZ) (Apr 2024 – Present)
  - Supervised by Dr. Haoang Li, now focusing on autonomous driving data generation.

## Potential Research Interests
Autonomous Driving, Robotics, AI Chip, Artificial General Intelligence

## Skills

- **Languages**：Native in Cantonese & Mandarin, Professional Working Proficiency in English.
- **Coding**: Python, C++, Markdown, Matlab, LATEX, Verilog, . . .
- **Tools**: ChatGPT, Pytorch, Git, Unix Shell, VS Code, Jupyter, DaVinci Resolve, . . .

## Projects

- **Robust Hierarchical Federated Learning** (Nov 2023 - Present)  
  - Design an efficient and secure semi-synchronous aggregation algorithm in the HFL framework. Now doing possible various attempts to optimize the training process in the HFL framework. Now working hard to meet the NeurIPS deadline.
- **Fed-Credit: Robust Federated Learning with Credibility Management** (Mar 2023 - Dec 2023)  
  - Proposed a robust federated learning framework based on Credibility value to resist various potential attacks during federated learning training. The [paper](http://ryan-utopia.com/files/paper_fed_credit.pdf) was submmited to TOPS (Under Review).
- **The "[One Lifetime One Chip](https://ysyx.oscc.cc/)" program**  (Aug 2023 - Present)
  - It’s a program primarily aims to provide participating students with exposure to the entire process of chip development and flow, allowing students to have a RISC-V chip of their own.	
  - I am very interested in the development of AI chips, and I joined immediately after learning about this project. I have currently completed all content in the pre-learning stage, and after passing the defense, I am about to enter the learning phase B & A.
- **Migrating ROS-based VIO algorithms to the openEuler platform** (Jun 2022 - Oct 2022)  
  - A project of [OSPP](https://summer-ospp.ac.cn/ )(Open Source Promotion Plan) 2022, assisted in migrating the SVO(Semi-direct Visual Odometry) algorithm to the OpenEuler operating system basic on Ros.

## Honors

1. (2021-2022) **First Class Scholarship**, Beijing Normal University.
2. (2022-2023) **Second Class Scholarship**, Beijing Normal University.
3. (2022-2023) **Outstanding Student Cadre**, Beijing Normal University.
4. (Sep 2023) **Second Prize in CUMCM**, Guangdong Division.
5. (May 2023) **Third Prize in China University Computer Design Contest**, Guangdong Division.
6. (April 2024) **Third Prize in the 15th lanqiao Cup (C/C++)**, Guangdong Division.

Commit message:

modified:   _config.yml 	modified:   _includes/author-profile.html 	modified:   _pages/about.md 	new file:   files/paper_semi_fl.pdf

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: ""
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

# Jiayan Chen (陈嘉焰)
Junior undergraduate in Beijing Normal University (Zhuhai)<br />
Artificial Intelligence (Innovation Program)<br />

*This page was updated on 24th May, 2024*

<font color="#000080"> I am looking for a Ph.D/Mphil position in 2025 fall, please contact me if you are interested in me! </font>

## Education and Experience

- **South China Normal University Affiliated High School**（Sep 2018 - Jun 2021）
- **Beijing Normal University**（Sep 2021 – Present）
  - B.Eng. Artificial Intelligence (Innovation Program)
- **RA in Institute of AI and Future Networks**, Beijing Normal University (Mar 2023 – Present)
  - Conducted federated learning research under the guidance of Dr. Tianhui Meng, Prof. Tian Wang and Prof. Weijia Jia.  
- **Intern in IRPN LAB**, HKUST (GZ) (Apr 2024 – Present)
  - Supervised by Dr. Haoang Li, now focusing on autonomous driving data generation.

## Potential Research Interests
Autonomous Driving, AI Chip, Federated Learning, AIGC

## Skills

- **Languages**：Native in Cantonese & Mandarin, Professional Working Proficiency in English.
- **Coding**: Python, C++, Markdown, Matlab, LATEX, Verilog, . . .
- **Tools**: ChatGPT, Pytorch, Git, Unix Shell, VS Code, Jupyter, DaVinci Resolve, . . .

## Projects

- **Semi-Synchronous Hierarchies and Credibility Management for Robust Federated Learning** (Nov 2023 - Present)  
  - Design an efficient and secure semi-synchronous aggregation algorithm in the HFL framework. Now doing possible various attempts to optimize the training process in the HFL framework. The [paper](http://ryan-utopia.com/files/paper_semi_fl.pdf) was submmited to NeurIPS 2024.
- **Fed-Credit: Robust Federated Learning with Credibility Management** (Mar 2023 - Dec 2023)  
  - Proposed a robust federated learning framework based on Credibility value to resist various potential attacks during federated learning training. The [paper](http://ryan-utopia.com/files/paper_fed_credit.pdf) was submmited to TOPS (Under Review).
- **The "[One Lifetime One Chip](https://ysyx.oscc.cc/)" program**  (Aug 2023 - Present)
  - It’s a program primarily aims to provide participating students with exposure to the entire process of chip development and flow, allowing students to have a RISC-V chip of their own.	
  - I am very interested in the development of AI chips, and I joined immediately after learning about this project. I have currently completed all content in the pre-learning stage, and after passing the defense, I am about to enter the learning phase B & A.
- **Migrating ROS-based VIO algorithms to the openEuler platform** (Jun 2022 - Oct 2022)  
  - A project of [OSPP](https://summer-ospp.ac.cn/ )(Open Source Promotion Plan) 2022, assisted in migrating the SVO(Semi-direct Visual Odometry) algorithm to the OpenEuler operating system basic on Ros.

## Honors

1. (2021-2022) **First Class Scholarship**, Beijing Normal University.
2. (2022-2023) **Second Class Scholarship**, Beijing Normal University.
3. (2022-2023) **Outstanding Student Cadre**, Beijing Normal University.
4. (Sep 2023) **Second Prize in CUMCM**, Guangdong Division.
5. (May 2023) **Third Prize in China University Computer Design Contest**, Guangdong Division.
6. (April 2024) **Third Prize in the 15th lanqiao Cup (C/C++)**, Guangdong Division.
